Day 5 of 100DaysofCode

Arrays:
Array stores multiple values in a single variable. It is a collection of variables of the same type.

Array methods in JavaScript:
1. push() - adds one or more elements to the end of an array and returns the new length of the array.
2. pop() - removes the last element from an array and returns that element.
3. shift() - removes the first element from an array and returns that removed element.
4. unshift() - adds one or more elements to the beginning of an array and returns the new length of the array.
5. splice() - changes the contents of an array by removing or replacing existing elements and/or adding new 
elements in place.
6. slice() - returns a shallow copy of a portion of an array into a new array object selected from start to end 
(end not included) where start and end represent the index of items in that array. The original array will not 
be modified.
7. toString() - returns a string representing the specified array and its elements.
8. join() - creates and returns a new string by concatenating all of the elements in an array (or an array-like 
object), separated by commas or a specified separator string. If the array has only one item, then that item will 
be returned without using the separator.
9. delete() - deletes the element at the specified index, but the array still has that empty spot at that index.
10. concat() - is used to merge two or more arrays. This method does not change the existing arrays, but instead
returns a new array.
11. length() - returns the number of elements in that array.
12. flat() - creates a new array with all sub-array elements concatenated into it recursively up to the specified
depth.


Sorting an array:
1. sort() - sorts the elements of an array in place and returns the sorted array. The default sort order is
ascending.
2. reverse() - reverses an array in place. The first array element becomes the last, and the last array element
becomes the first.
3. Math.max() - returns the largest of zero or more numbers.
4. Math.min() - returns the smallest of zero or more numbers.
5. Math.random() - returns a floating-point, pseudo-random number in the range 0 to less than 1 (inclusive of 0,
but not 1) with approximately uniform distribution over that range — which you can then scale to your desired
range.
6. Math.floor() - returns the largest integer less than or equal to a given number.
7. Math.ceil() - returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to a given number.
8. Math.round() - returns the value of a number rounded to the nearest integer.
9. Math.sqrt() - returns the square root of a number.
10. Math.pow() - returns the base to the exponent power, that is, baseexponent.



Associative Arrays: 
An associative array is an array with string keys rather than numeric keys. In JavaScript, objects are
associative arrays, and this section explains why that is important.


